gh-131842: Allow to pass custom CFLAGS and LDFLAGS to the compilation of builtin extension modules (#131847)
python/cpython: Doc/using/configure.rst

   .. versionadded:: 3.2

.. envvar:: CFLAGS_BUILTIN_MODULE

>    Equivalent flag to :envvar:`CFLAGS_NODIST` but it only applies to **all** builtin extension

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Equivalent flag to :envvar:`CFLAGS_NODIST` but it only applies to **all** built-in extension
```

   modules built as part of the standard library.

   Default: (empty).

>    .. versionadded:: 3.13

Reviewer: Is it really new in 3.13.0? Use maybe "next"? Same remark for LDFLAGS_BUILTIN_MODULE.

.. envvar:: PY_BUILTIN_MODULE_CFLAGS

   Compiler flags to build a standard library extension module as a built-in
   module, like the :mod:`posix` module.

>    Default: ``$(BUILTIN_MODULE_CFLAGS) $(PY_STDMODULE_CFLAGS) -DPy_BUILD_CORE_BUILTIN``.

Reviewer: Do you mean CFLAGS_BUILTIN_MODULE?

   .. versionadded:: 3.8

> .. envvar:: PY_BUILTIN_MODULE_LDFLAHS

Reviewer 2: s/LDFLAHS/LDFLAGS/

Author: Thanks! Fixed

   Linker flags to build a standard library extension module as a built-in

>    module, like the :mod:`posix` module.

Reviewer 3: Perhaps make it clearer that this applies to all builtin modules.

Author: Done

   .. versionadded:: 3.8

.. envvar:: LDFLAGS_BUILTIN_MODULE

>    Equivalent flag to :envvar:`LDLAGS_NODIST` but it only applies to **all** builtin extension

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Equivalent flag to :envvar:`LDFLAGS_NODIST` but it only applies to **all** built-in extension
```

>    Equivalent flag to :envvar:`LDLAGS_NODIST` but it only applies to **all** builtin extension

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   Equivalent flag to :envvar:`LDFLAGS_NODIST` but it only applies to **all** builtin extension
```

   modules built as part of the standard library.

   Default: (empty).

>    .. versionadded:: 3.13

Reviewer: New in Python 3.14, no? Use "next"?
